Bylaws: revise indemnification language (#187)
commonhaus/foundation: bylaws/7-indemnification-dissolution.md

> [!TIP]
> This means the Foundation will cover costs and losses for council members and officers who are sued because of their role in the Foundation, as long as they acted honestly and in the Foundation's best interest.
>
> The council can choose to extend this coverage to staff and committee members if they decide it’s appropriate.

**Standard of Conduct.**
This indemnification extends to all reasonable expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines, and other amounts paid in settlement by the person in connection with the action, so long as the person:

1. acted in good faith and in a manner they reasonably believed to be consistent with the best interests of the Foundation, and
2. had no reason to believe their conduct was unlawful, in the case of criminal matters.

This indemnification does not extend to a person who is found liable to the Foundation in an action brought by the Foundation, or to enforce the Foundation's rights.
Otherwise, the outcome of an action will not alone create a presumption that a person did not act in good faith, in the best interests of the Foundation, or with lawful intent.

> [!TIP]

> > If the Foundation sues someone or they are found liable to the Foundation, they won't be covered. Just being sued doesn't mean they did something wrong.

Reviewer: Who is "they" in `they are found liable to the Foundation`? Is "sued" the official term to use?

Author: The "TIP" uses less formal/colloquial language. It is an attempt to help folks orient so they can understand what they are reading.

> > If the Foundation sues someone or they are found liable to the Foundation, they won't be covered. Just being sued doesn't mean they did something wrong.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> If the Foundation has a litigation with someone or someone are found liable to the Foundation, that someone won't be covered. Important to remember that just participating in a litigation does not mean you are guilty.
```

i pondered on this phrasing too as "they" is ambigous; especially in the latter statement ("they" can be both foundation or someone else). Above is an attempt to make it more clear. Still not fully happy but it is less ambigious.

Author: I see where you're going with this. Will accept and have another go.

Author: @henri-tremblay and @maxandersen .. pushed revised language. Better?

Reviewer: `someone is found liable` no? Apart from that, it's clearer.

Author: This is the new language: 

> [!TIP]
> If the Foundation brings a lawsuit against a person, or if the person is found responsible for wrongdoing in such a lawsuit, they will not be covered by this indemnification.
> However, being involved in a lawsuit does not mean the person did something wrong.

Reviewer: Better. I'm still unhappy with the `However` part but the first sentence is perfect.

Author: I was on the fence about that "However". I'll remove it.

> [!TIP]
> This means the Foundation will cover costs and losses for council members and officers who are sued because of their role in the Foundation, as long as they acted honestly and in the Foundation's best interest.
>
> The council can choose to extend this coverage to staff and committee members if they decide it’s appropriate.

**Standard of Conduct.**

This indemnification extends to all reasonable expenses (like legal fees), judgments, fines, and settlement amounts that a person may have to pay in connection with a legal action, so long as the person:

1. acted in good faith and in a manner they reasonably believed to be consistent with the best interests of the Foundation, and
2. had no reason to believe their conduct was unlawful, in the case of criminal matters.

This indemnification does not extend to a person who is found liable to the Foundation in an action brought by the Foundation, or to enforce the Foundation's rights.
Otherwise, the outcome of an action will not alone create a presumption that a person did not act in good faith, in the best interests of the Foundation, or with lawful intent.

> [!TIP]

> > If the Foundation brings a lawsuit against a person, or if the person is found responsible for wrongdoing in such a lawsuit, they will not be covered by this indemnification.

Reviewer: Hum, we are back to "they". They is the person? Also, do it applies to legal entities or only to physical entities?

Author: Commonhaus is indemnifying people (as an organization, our members and representatives are people), not companies or other legal entities.

> > If the Foundation brings a lawsuit against a person, or if the person is found responsible for wrongdoing in such a lawsuit, they will not be covered by this indemnification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If the Foundation brings a lawsuit against a person, or if the person is found responsible for wrongdoing in such a lawsuit, that person will not be covered by this indemnification.
```
